Blood Pressure Sensor demo application {#blp_sensor}
===========================

## Overview

This application is a sample implementation ofthe  Blood Pressure Sensor as defined in the Blood Pressure
Profile Specification.

It supports the mandatory Blood Pressure Service and Device Information Service.

Features:

- Advertising starts automatically once the application is started. The application
  supports recommended fast connection and reduced power advertising intervals

- The application sends measurements to the remote device with LE Security Mode 1 and
  either Security Levels 2 or 3

- Only one bond is supported. The user may remove bonding by holding K1 button during reboot

- Measurements are generated by K1 button presses. Number of stored measurements may be defined in
  `config/blp_sensor_config.h` file by defining CFG_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MEASUREMENTS

- Debug logs are printed out to UART.

## Installation procedure

The project is located in the \b `projects/dk_apps/ble_profiles/blp_sensor` folder.

To install the project follow the [General Installation and Debugging Procedure](@ref install_and_debug_procedure).

## Suggested Configurable parameters

- Device name:
  In blp_sensor_task.c, put the device name (GAP_DATA_TYPE_LOCAL_NAME).

- Number of stored measurements:
  In blp_sensor_config.h, set the CFG_MAX_NUMBER_OF_MEASUREMENTS macro.

- Intermediate Cuff Pressure measurements interval:
  In blp_sensor_config.h, set the CFG_INTER_CUFF_TIME_INTERVAL_MS macro.

## PTS testing

Application can be used for executing PTS test cases against DIS, and BLS.

## Manual testing

- Build the demo for execution from flash
- Download to flash and execute
- Scan for the device by name "Dialog BLP Sensor" and connect
- Register for indication for BLP indications and intermediate cuff pressure notifications.
- Enable serial terminal to receive UART logs using USB2 connector (e.g. \b `/dev/ttyUSBx` or \b `COMx`).

 * To generate a new measurement, press K1 button. During the measurement, intermediate cuff pressure
   notifications are generated and delivered to client. Once it is completed, BLP measurement indication is sent.
